WIP: ACM-11775 (needs issue links-peer edits) (#6487)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/destroying-hosted-clusted-x86bm-ibmz.adoc

[#destroying-hosted-clusted-x86bm-ibmz]

> = Destroying a hosted cluster on `x86` bare metal with IBM Z compute nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Destroying a hosted cluster on x86 bare metal with IBM Z compute nodes
```
Do not use monospace formatting in titles and headings.

To destroy a hosted cluster on `x86` bare metal with IBM Z compute nodes and its managed cluster resource, complete the following steps:

. Run the following command to scale the `NodePool` object to zero (0) nodes:

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc -n ${clusters_namespace} scale nodepool ${nodepool_name} --replicas 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc -n <clusters_namespace> scale nodepool <nodepool_name> --replicas 0
```

----

+

> After scaling the nodepool to 0 , the compute nodes will get detached from the hosted cluster. If the computed nodes are not detached from the hosted cluster or stuck in `Notready` state, delete the compute nodes manually by running the following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the node pool is scaled to 0, the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster. If the compute nodes are not detached from the hosted cluster or are stuck in the `Notready` state, delete the compute nodes manually by running the following command: 
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc --kubeconfig ${hosted_clusted_name}.kubeconfig delete node <comopute_node_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc --kubeconfig <hosted_clusted_name>.kubeconfig delete node <comopute_node_name>
```

----

+
. Verify the compute nodes status by entering the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc --kubeconfig <hosted_cluster_name>.kubeconfig get nodes
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster, the status of the agents is changed to `auto-assign`.
```
Move this line up from line 34.

> . Delete the agents from the cluster 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the agents from the cluster by running the following command:
```

+

> After the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster, the status of the agents is changed to `auto-assign`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+

> Delete the agents from the cluster by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc -n ${hosted_control_plane_namespace} delete agent <agent_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc -n <hosted_control_plane_namespace> delete agent <agent_name>
```

----

+

> **Note:** You can delete the virtual machines that you created as agents after you delete the agents from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* You can delete the virtual machines that you created as agents after you delete the agents from the cluster.
```

> . Destroy the hosted control plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Run the following command using the `hcp` command-line to destroy the hosted control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command by using the `hcp` command-line to destroy the hosted control plane:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> hcp destroy cluster agent --name ${hosted_cluster_name} --namespace ${clusters_namepsace}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hcp destroy cluster agent --name <hosted_cluster_name> --namespace <clusters_namepsace>
```
